[DIGITAL EFFECT]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
Simon Chokoisky
is with us once
again, to dip into
the Vedic astrological
influences of these absolutely
crazy times.
We're going to focus
on Bitcoin and luck.
We all need some of that
at this point in time,
and I think we're going to
have some fun looking at how
we can better engage with luck.
Right now, people
aren't talking too much
about good joss or
luck, and that's
more of the dominant story.
And I think it's so fun
that you've actually
been spending your
time calculating
the odds of good
luck for everybody.
>>SIMON CHOKOISKY: Yeah,
and I'm the Guinea pig.
>>REGINA: You're the Guinea pig.
>>SIMON: Right.
>>REGINA: And we're
going to really go
into what you're doing, and
even show some video of what
you're doing.
So why don't we move
our way into luck,
because I want to finish
on this happy lucky note.
First of all for
everybody, let's
recap the time of the
outsider, the years, and some
of what you have told us before,
just to set the stage for right
now.
>>SIMON: Yeah.
So we are, the world is
in an outsider lifecycle.
And what that means is, new
technologies, new philosophies,
new ideas.
Out with the old,
in with the new.
And sometimes the
transition is abrupt.
And it's always, it can
be very uncomfortable.
But ultimately,
it's for the good.
So even though we're in
an uncomfortable time now,
10, 20 years from now,
these new technologies,
new things that
are coming in that
started right around 20,
just before 2016, 2015 or so.
And we've got about
another 10 years left.
So it's not over.
>>REGINA: Well,
it's barely begun.
>>SIMON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: But one
thing I remember
you saying when we talked
about this once before, is,
and this was before.
This, I think, was
in 2019, was you
said of this cycle, the most
chaotic period of this cycle
that could be perceived
as chaotic, because it's
about change, that
the most densely
saturated chaotic
energy would be in 2020.
>>SIMON: Yeah.
And I didn't know why.
Like what would be
the causative factor.
And that's kind of the way it
is with outsiders and outsider
periods.
It comes out from left field.
It's the punch, it's the
hook that catches you
that you don't see
that knocks you out,
not the one that you see.
So yeah.
So this January I made a video
on YouTube about Bitcoin.
And I said, listen, it's about
to go down about February 9,
I forget the dates.
You could see it on there.
February 20 and then to March.
And it could be from a terrorist
event, could be from a virus,
could be from something that
is just so out of the blue
that it knocks us out.
And it turned out
to be from a virus.
And we're still in that
period, we're still
recovering from that period.
So it's a crazy year.
But there is
something good in it.
There is a huge silver lining.
And I hope we can talk about it.
>>REGINA: I do want to
talk about it, because I
see it the same way.
I see it just as the
wake up call for humanity
to re-evaluate life values,
what really matters,
even look at the
nature of our health
and immune system
from a fresh, new more
responsible way, a bunch
of silver linings it it.
What are your thoughts?
Talk about the
silver linings now
before we go to
some other things.
>>SIMON: Yeah.
Relationships.
It's forcing you to
actually talk to the person
that you live with, because you
don't get, you're not at work
eight hours a day and they're
not at work, so you're at home.
And sometimes it'll
break relationships,
but it'll definitely
strain relationships, even
the good ones.
But out of that strain
comes, it's like a muscle.
When you work it,
it gets stronger.
>>REGINA: Well, and if you have
enough strain for long enough,
you're going to break
down at some point,
and you're going to go into
kind of conversations or.
>>SIMON: Honest conversations.
>>REGINA: Screaming matches
that have deeper truths in them,
which a lot of people
have been going through.
And of course, it's straining
the court dockets for divorces
right now, because
so many people want
to, now that
they've spoken, want
to get away from each other.
But others have really come
down to the nitty gritty
of where the differences were.
>>SIMON: Well, better
sooner than later.
If the divorce is coming,
just get it over with now.
Pop that pimple.
>>REGINA: Pop the pimple
or allow yourself, now
that you've gotten to it, to
go into the healing of that.
>>SIMON: Yeah.
So that's one of
the silver linings.
Another is just to see
how fragile we are.
As a society, we
depend on electricity.
What happens if that
electricity goes out?
What happens if we
can't go to work?
But even as human
beings, if we can't
interact with one another,
how that affects us socially.
Like a lot of people
are really realizing
that they're depressed
if they're not around
friends and other humans.
>>REGINA: Extroverts, this
has been hell for extroverts.
>>SIMON: I'm more
of an introvert,
so for me it's like, corona?
What corona?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SIMON: But because I
mostly work from home,
and it's that type of thing.
But my friends who are more of
the extroverts are going nuts.
>>REGINA: Oh, I have one
friend who's, I'm an introvert,
so I work from home.
>>SIMON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And I
live in the country.
>>SIMON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: I have my favorite
little coffee shops,
they're still open.
>>SIMON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: I can go
to if I want to.
And I go on my bike ride.
So life hasn't really
changed much for me at all.
But oh my God, one
friend in particular,
she just calls up in full
on panic and anxiety.
Everybody's canceling
every event!
I don't know where I can go.
I can't believe they're not
going to show up for lunch.
And just panic stricken at the
lack of human companionship.
And I, I mean, it's really
causing her mass anxiety.
I don't know the percentages,
but at least half the planet
have to be extroverts.
>>SIMON: Sure.
>>REGINA: Really suffering.
And what about kids?
>>SIMON: Yeah.
Well, this is where knowing who
you are comes in very handy.
When you understand who you are.
And that's why I do astrology,
because you can look
at your chart and you go, huh.
OK, that's how this
is affecting me.
All right, how do
I deal with it?
Like right now, I
have knee problems.
And it's right
there in my chart.
For the next six months, you're
going to have knee problems.
OK, right on time.
It sucks, it's terrible, but
you know that there's a tunnel.
You're going to get out of it.
So same thing with
your extrovert friends.
You could just say,
listen, this is temporary.
It's about to be over.
So prepare for when
it is over and how
you can celebrate those times.
Because people, we take
our freedom for granted.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>SIMON: When it's taken away
from us, we go, oh, crap.
This sucks.
So be ready to celebrate it.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And I think the other
thing that has really
come out of this too, is
how you can do work-arounds.
For example, a lot of people
have turned to Zoom or Skype
to do these group
family, group friendship
calls on a regular
basis to satisfy
that need for connection
and seeing someone's face.
And that's something
that's come out of it.
Of course, it's caused
some problems for Zoom,
but they're getting up
to speed technologically.
>>SIMON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: The point
is, that people
have found innovative
ways to still satisfy that
to an extent.
>>SIMON: Thank God
for Alex Mashinsky.
You know?
>>REGINA: Who's Alex?
>>SIMON: Alex is a
Ukrainian-born entrepreneur who
invented voice over internet.
This is way back in the '90s.
He has the patents.
And he said, I'm
going to take away
the power of AT&T and
Verizon, because it
used to be like $3 bucks a
minute, $2 bucks a minute
to talk to people.
Now it's free.
So we can all talk
over Zoom and Skype.
>>REGINA: Thank god.
>>SIMON: And his
next invention now
is something called the Celsius
app, which is, by the way,
I'm not a, I'm not a paid
spokesperson or anything,
but I use it and I love it.
>>REGINA: What is it?
>>SIMON: It's, he calls
it, money over internet.
It's his big--
>>REGINA: What is that?
I mean, how is that compared
to some of the others that
exist, like Venmo and all?
>>SIMON: Well, this,
because it's cryptocurrency.
>>REGINA: Oh.
>>SIMON: And this is
the other big innovation
that's happening.
>>REGINA: We're going to
talk about money, yes.
>>SIMON: In this outsider period
is the revolution of money,
right?
>>REGINA: OK.
>>SIMON: And how
we have the ability
to take power over our own
finances with cryptocurrency
rather than it being owned
by the banks and even
the government fiat.
So Alex Mashinsky has
an app called Celsius,
and it lets you earn 10%
interest on your dollars
basically.
So he's saying, hey, we used
to have savings accounts,
now we don't.
I want to put them back
in the hands of people.
So what he did with
voice over internet,
he's doing with
money over internet.
>>REGINA: How does it work?
>>SIMON: So you have
$100, you convert
that into a digital crypto, like
in the US, it's called Tether.
Or you can buy Bitcoin.
You can buy any of
the cryptocurrencies,
and you just put
them in that wallet.
So the wallet is
like a bank account.
And it immediately
starts earning.
So Bitcoin earns around 4%, 5%.
The one that's 1 to 1 to the
dollar, so if have $100 bucks,
you buy $100 Tether,
it's called Tether.
Earns you about 8%, 9% I think.
I mean, depending on the week.
And you just get that in kind.
And it's compounded interest.
Like Einstein said,
compound interest
is one of most powerful
forces in the universe.
It's weird that we're
talking about that now,
but just came to my mind
that during outsider times,
we get innovative
solutions to problems
we didn't even know we had.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SIMON: Because you give
your $100 bucks to the bank,
they loan it out and they
make 15% to 20% interest
for credit card debt.
>>REGINA: You make nothing.
>>SIMON: You not
only make nothing,
but you're charged fees.
When you have a
transfer fee, there's
an overdraft fee, underdraft
fee, middle draft fee,
there's all kinds of fees.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SIMON: So those fees
are in the billions.
I think $60 billion
a year collectively.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SIMON: And they
don't get paid to you,
they get paid to
the bank investors.
So what Mashinky's saying, hey,
you should get that interest.
So he's giving people more
of a share of their savings
than the bank account does.
>>REGINA: So how does
this work though?
So you take your $100
of old style money.
>>SIMON: Fiat money, right.
>>REGINA: Yeah, fiat money.
>>SIMON: US dollars.
>>REGINA: And then you
invest in say, $100.
>>SIMON: You buy $100 worth.
>>REGINA: Tether.
>>SIMON: Of Tether.
>>REGINA: Of Tether.
>>SIMON: Which is
still worth $100.
>>REGINA: And now it's
earning say 8% or 9%.
How do you, how are you
able to use it functionally?
>>SIMON: You don't.
So when you want
that as money again,
you convert it back
into US dollars.
>>REGINA: That's what
I was going to ask.
So you can convert it
back to fiat currency.
>>SIMON: That's it.
>>REGINA: OK.
Interesting.
>>SIMON: So if you want
to hold it for a year,
there are no penalties,
there are no fees.
>>REGINA: That's cool.
>>SIMON: It is very
cool, isn't it?
And I love it.
I've got, I'm invested in that.
Because the way, and
this is something
that we can talk about,
the monetary system
is being revamped
right under our noses.
>>REGINA: And we're going to,
right, let's go right into that
after this, because
cryptocurrency is part of it.
I think what scares most
people about cryptocurrency
has been the historic
volatility of it.
So how does that
factor in Celsius?
You just?
>>SIMON: Right.
So if you want, if you think
a certain crypto is going up,
invest in it like Bitcoin.
So Bitcoin is, from the
beginning of this year,
2020, has outpaced gold, has
doubled the value of gold
in terms of return.
But if you're not comfortable,
because it does definitely
go up.
>>REGINA: It does,
oh, yeah, yeah.
>>SIMON: Then just get
something called Tether,
which is called a stable coin.
And there are a
few stable coins.
USDC, USDT, which is the Tether.
And that is linked
to the dollar 1 to 1.
It never, it won't vary.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>SIMON: So you know for sure
that you put $100 bucks in,
you're going to have
$100 bucks coming out.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>SIMON: The only difference
is, you get 8%, 9%, sometimes
10% interest on it.
>>REGINA: That's very cool.
>>SIMON: If you think
Bitcoin is going up,
and I think it's going up.
We've begun the bull run.
I've been pretty dead
on about Bitcoin's.
>>REGINA: Astrologically.
>>SIMON: Astrologically.
>>REGINA: Charting it, yeah.
>>SIMON: Sometimes to the day
about its movements up and down
this year.
Some other things I
haven't been right about,
but Bitcoin I've been
pretty accurate with.
I think the bull
run started July 24.
I predicted it would jump up.
It had a little rise.
It's continued to rise.
But I think Bitcoin's
bull run has started.
So if you like the idea
of putting $100 bucks
in and maybe in a year or two
it it's going to be $200 bucks,
then you invest in
something like Bitcoin.
But if you're conservative,
you just put it into Tether.
>>REGINA: Get $110 back.
>>SIMON: And you get $110
back at the end of the year,
and it's compounded.
>>REGINA: And it's compounded.
Interesting.
OK, let's talk
about, you're saying
in terms of the
astrology and looking
at it, that cryptocurrency
has looked like this might
be the time to start taking
them more seriously as what's
going to become a normal
part of our economic picture
in the future?
>>SIMON: Well, yeah.
And a lot of, some of the
biggest investment firms
are already on board,
spending hundreds of millions
of dollars buying Bitcoin.
It's not the retail investor
like it was in 2017.
Retail, I mean you and I.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SIMON: It's the
big institutions
that are gobbling up Bitcoin.
And they're doing it
behind the scenes.
So in fact, even back in 2018,
like Jamie Dimon, the big CEO,
was saying Bitcoin is worthless.
But behind the scenes,
they were buying it up.
>>REGINA: They were investing.
>>SIMON: Yeah.
So they do that, because
then later on, they'll say,
oh, we changed our mind.
And here, oh guess what.
We have some to offer you.
>>REGINA: Yeah, we own it.
>>SIMON: So there's huge
institutional interest
at the moment.
And it's going, it'll
never be mainstream,
because it's an alternative
to government money.
But it's becoming
more mainstream.
Robert Kiyosaki, the
Rich Dad, Poor Dad guy,
he's more like rich grandpa now.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SIMON: But he's still
out there fighting,
and God bless him, he's
doing a great service.
He has this thing where
gold and silver he says
are God's money, because they
were here before we were here.
>>REGINA: Right
>>SIMON: Right?
They're in the Earth.
Dollars are government
money, because they're issued
by a decree of the government.
That's what the word fiat means.
It's the imperative
case, I believe in Latin.
Let it be made.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SIMON: Someone says,
let's make $100 million,
and it's done.
But Bitcoin is the
people's money,
because banks can't control it,
government can't control it,
it's peer to peer.
So this is the financial
revolution that's
coming in this outsider time.
>>REGINA: Because
a lot of people
have been afraid to
even get into it.
Because like I said, of
this volatility and saying,
well, wait a minute, I
can't buy shoes with it.
>>SIMON: Can't
buy, yeah, not yet.
>>REGINA: But this is
important to know about.
This sounds like
Celsius is a real segue.
>>SIMON: It is a segue.
And here's the thing.
You don't want to
buy shoes with it.
Because there's a guy
back in, what was it?
2014 or something,
who bought two
pizzas with a bunch of Bitcoin.
That Bitcoin is worth a
million dollars right now.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SIMON: So you don't want
to buy anything with it.
>>REGINA: Expensive pizza.
>>SIMON: It's a store of value.
It's like gold.
You don't carry out a gold
brick to the coffee shop and go,
how much is, and they
shave off a little bit.
There you go.
That's, keep the tip, right?
And put it back in.
You don't spend it that way.
So Bitcoin is more
a store of value.
But some cryptocurrencies
are moving
in the direction of being
able to be spent as currency.
So they're credit cards.
I've got one in my
wallet right now
that you can spend your crypto.
But I don't use it.
I don't want to spend my crypto.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SIMON: I want it to
grow, because it's just
in the nascent phase.
We are just beginning
the next bull run.
>>REGINA: OK.
Now we're going to talk a little
bit about how old school Warren
Buffett's seeing all this.
>>SIMON: Yeah.
So Warren Buffett
used to be very much
against God's money, gold.
But they just revealed
that June of this year,
he invested a lot
of money in gold.
>>REGINA: That's
what I've read too.
>>SIMON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: A lot.
>>SIMON: So what that means,
is he has no confidence in the.
>>REGINA: Traditional market.
>>SIMON: Traditional markets.
>>REGINA: The government, yeah.
>>SIMON: In traditional money.
So he's not behind Bitcoin,
but it's a matter of time.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SIMON: Because he's a
very conservative investor
and he does it old school way.
>>REGINA: So he's moving
away from fiat currency
and the markets.
He pulled a lot of money out
of some really solid companies.
I think he pulled all his money
out of like Southwest Airlines,
which is, if you're going
to have a people's carrier,
people mover.
>>SIMON: Hey, I like Southwest.
>>REGINA: I do, too.
>>SIMON: I flew
here on Southwest.
>>REGINA: I fly
them all the time.
But I mean, even that, I heard
even those conservative guys.
>>SIMON: And the banks.
>>REGINA: And the banks, yeah.
So he's clearly sensing.
>>SIMON: He's an
old and wise canary.
And we should listen
to him singing.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>SIMON: But there
are many others.
Paul Tudor Jones, who is a
very well-known investor,
he's allocating millions
of dollars into Bitcoin.
And people went, what?
But now a bunch of
others have followed.
So it's happening.
So the goal of our
conversation here
is to give some
predictions, but also
to help people kind
of empower themselves.
>>REGINA: Yes, and prepare.
>>SIMON: This is not
conspiracy theory,
this is not like wild crazy
talk meant to disempower you.
This is so you have
this in mind and you,
like if you know what the
weather is going to be,
and you got to drive
somewhere, well, you
can put on good tires,
you can figure out
where the hotels
are along the way,
you can prepare, rather than
just getting in and driving
and you know.
So that's the goal here,
is to help empower people.
>>REGINA: There are a lot
of creative solutions here.
We have friends, we have family.
>>SIMON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: We have
places to turn to.
People have churches
they can turn
to and larger community
within those churches.
I think that's where
we have start really
relying on each other.
>>SIMON: Community
is the big thing,
and this is how
traditional cultures live.
It takes a village
to raise a person.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SIMON: The other
thing is, it makes
you really think about what
do you really want to do.
You've had this corporate job
that you hate, but hey, it
makes 100k a year, so
I'm not leaving that.
I hate it.
Hate the boss, hate my job,
hate the desk, hate the view.
>>REGINA: Have acid
reflux your waking hours.
>>SIMON: Right.
I'm spending half of my
salary just on doctors.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SIMON: But still, it's
but now you don't have that.
You can think about, hey,
maybe I should be a gardener.
>>REGINA: That's one
of those silver linings
you're talking about.
Never been a better time
to just be yourself,
because the other
stuff isn't available.
>>SIMON: Yeah.
And then you attract
the right friends.
And you yourself, when
you're not yourself,
I've had those kinds
of jobs and you'd
have to pretend to
be a certain person,
and you attract people
who are, they're
not really your friends.
And you're not,
and you're always
vibrating a little stress.
You're like this.
And people sense that.
So when you do what
you're born to do,
your Dharma, I write about
that in the Dharma books,
you vibrate a
little differently.
And yeah, some people
are not going to like it.
So you're going to
lose some friends.
You're going to gain the
friends that are right for you,
and the relationships
that are right for you.
So that husband or that wife
who thought you were here,
this person, may go away.
But hey, that's probably better.
Be who you are and you'll
attract the husband,
wife, girlfriend, boyfriend
that is right for you.
>>REGINA: Right.
And so people have to be
willing to come into a place,
also of non-attachment,
because if you have a--
>>SIMON: It sounds simple.
>>REGINA: --fairy tale life
all built up in your mind
as to how it's all supposed to
go and that is now crumbling.
>>SIMON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: I think, I
feel badly for people
who have extreme attachments
and concrete expectations,
because this is not the time,
it's not appropriate really.
It's not going to work for you
in the time of the outsider.
>>SIMON: Yeah.
Well, and that's what a
fairy tale life actually is,
is tremendous hardship.
Every fairy tale has
the wicked witch.
>>REGINA: That is true.
>>SIMON: And how
do you defeat them
through your genuine surrender?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SIMON: And help from
your community and so on.
>>REGINA: Or the handsome
prince comes and saves you.
>>SIMON: That's
true, that's true.
>>REGINA: That's another part.
But that part of the
fairy tale has been
laid to rest for a while now.
>>SIMON: The handsome
prince or princess.
>>REGINA: Whatever.
>>SIMON: Whatever.
>>REGINA: Right.
But you're right.
Fairy tales, Grimm's fairy
tales always had some.
>>SIMON: Yes, and
you have to overcome.
>>REGINA: Darkness
>>SIMON: That
darkness to get to.
And usually at the end,
you're a different person.
So it's a hero myth, like
Joseph Campbell talked about.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>SIMON: Like "Star
Wars," which was built
on Joseph Campbell's teachings.
You're not the same person.
Luke Skywalker is
not the same person
at the end of "Star Wars"
that he was at the beginning.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SIMON: He is a wise
and different individual,
because of those hardships.
So that's what a
real fairy tale is.
You have to go through
it to become who you are,
who you're born to be.
And this is the time
of hardship right now,
especially Jupiter
and Saturn conjuct.
>>REGINA: Tell us what this
means in layperson terms.
>>SIMON: In layperson terms, it
means it's a period of Adharma.
Adharma means a lack of, a
low point in righteousness.
So fake news seeming real,
real news seeming fake.
Truth and fiction
being mixed up.
And our not being able
to see the difference.
And in Sanskrit there's a
saying, [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH],,
which says the ability to
discriminate between what is
and what isn't, what
is real, what is not,
is the prerequisite
of a spiritual being.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>SIMON: You have to
have discrimination.
Not the discrimination
we talk about on TV.
>>REGINA: Discernment.
>>SIMON: Discernment to say
this is real, this isn't.
Because if you
don't, you're going
to be led astray by the
next religious leader,
political leader, fill
in the blank leader.
And you're going to.
>>REGINA: Next blogger.
>>SIMON: Or you're
going to listen to me
and buy Bitcoin when you
shouldn't and stuff like that.
Don't listen to me.
Don't listen to anyone.
>>REGINA: We got a fix for
that at the end of the show.
>>SIMON: You your
discrimination to judge.
Even the Buddha said, he
said, don't listen to me.
Go out and test and see
if what I say is true.
Test it in your life.
Then come and listen
when you're ready.
>>REGINA: Well,
interestingly, I did
a, since I last talked
to you, last interview
we did, I did one
with Carl Calleman.
And Carl Calleman is more a
scholar of the Mayan calendar.
And he said, we're in
this descending phase
of consciousness right now
and these waves, these wave
patterns that give way to
not just disinformation,
but mistrust of one another.
Not knowing who to
turn to, not knowing
who's telling the truth, which
gives way to conspiracy theory.
And what he said that
I found so interesting,
is he said historically, when
that wave, when that occurs on
that wave cycle and conspiracy
becomes the mass mind
set, essentially mistrust
becomes the mass mindset, that
precipitates the fall of
cultures and civilizations.
>>SIMON: Yeah, it can.
>>REGINA: So how does that
factor into what you're
saying about this period?
You're saying the
same thing that he's
saying right now about the
consciousness of the inability,
of people's inability to
discern right, truth, so forth.
>>SIMON: And this also happened
20 years ago, by the way.
Right around 2001, when we
had the attacks on the towers,
and we had this great
big confusion about who
are we going to go to war with.
There was a lot of.
>>REGINA: It really gave birth
to popular conspiracy theory.
>>SIMON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SIMON: So we are in, that
cycle is repeating again.
And so every 20
years we get this.
But it's not every 20 years
with the same intensity.
Sometimes it's every 60 years.
>>REGINA: Yeah, talk
about that, because this
doesn't feel the same.
>>SIMON: Yeah,
this is different.
So the good news is,
10 years from now,
they'll, Jupiter and Saturn
will be opposite, which
will give us a time of hope.
We can reflect back into this.
We can reflect on what
is real, what isn't.
>>REGINA: So now let's
have a bit of fun here.
>>SIMON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Because
one of the things
you've been playing
with, and that's
why I said that in
our introduction,
is you've been playing
with lady luck.
>>SIMON: Yes.
And contrary to
popular belief, I'm
going to say something a
little controversial here.
Everybody, everybody
on this planet
has lucky times that
they can access.
Because a lot of people
think, I'm just not lucky.
I'm not lucky.
I thought that
before, but I went
into testing these lucky times
using astrological principles.
And I went on a site just to
play slots, because slots just
don't require any skill.
Because you might
say, oh, Simon,
you're winning because
you're really good at poker
or blackjack or whatever it is.
No, this is just
pushing a button.
So as we were talking about.
And I will play
the lucky time, I
will play the slots
before my lucky time hits.
Usually it's a five
to 10-minute window.
It's tiny little windows.
So most of the time when
we go to the casino or we
call the credit card company
to increase our balance or.
>>REGINA: Limit.
>>SIMON: Limit, we don't get it.
They say, well no, sorry.
But if we do it during
these little tiny windows,
you have a boost.
You have a 10%, 20% 30%
chance higher of getting it.
And so I showed that.
So when my lucky time is
not, I push the button,
lose, lose, lose, lose, lose.
And then my lucky time
comes, and I've already
said, look, guys,
it comes at 9:16 AM.
So as soon as that hits,
watch what happens.
And we're doing it live.
And 9:16 hits and all of
a sudden, do-do-do-do.
$10, $20, $50.
>>REGINA: Let's take a look.
You've been documenting
this with video, right?
>>SIMON: Yeah, yeah.
>>REGINA: Let's take a
look at a little video
where we're demonstrating
exactly this, right?
>>SIMON: Yeah, OK.
>>REGINA: OK, let's take a look.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>>SIMON: These all have to
fit within the larger context.
What is the larger context?
Is this a good day for you?
And I teach that using
the Vedic astrology chart.
That's the best way to see,
is this a good day for you.
Boom, $250 bucks.
You see how we hit that?
Nice.
$25 buck.
Just like that.
To see whether this
is a, boom, $50 bucks.
Whether this is a good day
for you or a good week for you
and so on.
So these lucky times
work within that context.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>REGINA: We're back.
>>SIMON: So boring
for anyone to watch,
unless you're interested
in this stuff.
But exciting to me,
because it shows
astrological principles at work.
I like things that work.
To me, if I can't apply
astrology or philosophy
or any kind of new age
wisdom to my own life,
then I don't, my brain is
not big enough to hold it.
I need stuff that works.
And so I test these lucky times
so that you don't have to.
When you initiate things
during lucky times,
you have a little bit
better percentage,
a little, like lady
luck is on your side.
She's right there with
you for those few minutes
and she sprinkles a little fairy
dust and says, you'll be OK.
And then she goes
off to do her thing.
>>REGINA: So when you've
been playing with the slots,
because again, there's
no skill involved,
this is luck, how
effective has it
been for you in
terms of your wins
when you're doing it
in that little zone?
>>SIMON: When I'm disciplined.
>>REGINA: Yeah, when
you're disciplined.
>>SIMON: And go within
the little four,
five-minute window,
extremely effective.
But I have to see, how do I
know it's a four or five minute
window?
Because I've tested it six,
seven eight to 10 minutes
and before.
And then I will lose.
>>REGINA: So you're
using your bank account
as another kind of
beta test on this.
>>SIMON: Yes, yes,
you're welcome, everyone.
But I'm a bit of a
risk taker by nature.
So I have done this with stocks.
So the moment you buy a stock.
>>REGINA:
>>SIMON CHOKOISKY: Right.
>>SIMON: Is also important.
Look, you may buy the best stock
in the world, Apple, whatever.
But if you buy it
at the wrong time,
you're not going to see
the same gains from it
as you would when you buy
during your lucky moment.
So you can do this
for anything that
is related to you getting
something from the system.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>>SIMON: You know?
Now, does it work for
love, does it work for?
It could help a little bit.
Like if you want to
ask someone on a date.
But it's mostly
financial-related.
It's not a one stop
shop for everything.
There's nothing that
works for everything .
Don't trust anybody who's
telling you, buy my lucky thing
and you'll have great
luck for the rest
of your life for everything.
No, it doesn't work like that.
>>REGINA: Well, what about,
I mean, a lot of people
would say, oh, I have a really
important meeting coming up.
>>SIMON: Yes.
>>REGINA: I really
need it to go my way.
>>SIMON: Yes.
>>REGINA: If you can
manage to set the time?
>>SIMON: Well, here's the thing.
There is, you also
have lucky days.
So every month, this
is the cool thing,
that it was a revelation.
Because again, I am not
by nature, a lucky person.
When I go to the casino or
do something, always lose.
But when I align, so everyone
has two lucky days a month.
OK?
Within that lucky day, if you
also schedule your lucky time,
it's like really good.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>SIMON: You're almost
guaranteed to get something.
So you've got two lucky days
a month with about an hour
or two window on that day.
And then you've got a lucky
day every year that's based on.
>>REGINA: The big lucky day.
>>SIMON: Movement of the sun.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SIMON: Then you have a really
lucky day every four years,
where Jupiter transits
certain points.
And so we're incorporating
all the planets.
It's a big mishmash,
but we're trying
to put it all in
this app, so you
don't have to know astrology.
And when you have a whole
lucky day, then on that day
you can plan things that a
five-minute window is not
going to be good enough.
So weddings.
>>REGINA: You need
more than five minutes.
>>SIMON: You need more
than five minutes.
>>REGINA: You want to go to
one of those bi-monthly lucky
hours.
>>SIMON: The lucky
hour, the lucky days.
And sometimes you get a
lucky two weeks, when Jupiter
transits a certain place.
And those are really good.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SIMON: Yeah.
So we use them.
My students test with
scratch off tickets,
with slots, things like that.
Whatever is available.
>>REGINA: Anything that
doesn't require skill.
>>SIMON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Now what about,
OK, so you're doing this,
but your person on the other
end of the deal or negotiation
is in their unlucky time.
>>SIMON: Yeah.
So that's a great question.
This represents you as the
agent trying to get something.
And so these lucky
times favor you,
they don't favor the
bank, the casino.
>>REGINA: The boss you
might be talking to.
>>SIMON: The boss
you might be talking.
So they favor the
person who is engaged
in trying to extract
value from something.
They don't favor the bank, as
it were or the establishment.
The rest of the time, the
establishment is favored.
>>REGINA: Right.
It's like the house is favored.
>>SIMON: The house, the
house, that's right.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>SIMON: So we're
trying to establish
when you have an advantage
over the house basically.
>>REGINA: Now we
had a conversation
once before about this
when you were doing this
with betting on teams, and
you were following the team
astrology.
>>SIMON: Yep.
>>REGINA: And it was
really interesting,
because there's more
psychology in it.
And I don't know
if this overlays
with what we're talking about.
>>SIMON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Because you said,
OK, I've got the school,
I'm going to start now, I want
to make $30,000 from this.
>>SIMON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And so you put it in
motion, boom, bingo, bada-bing,
you're making, you made $30,000.
But you tell the rest
the story for those
that haven't heard this.
>>SIMON: Well, the
rest of the story
is, when I reached
that goal, my tips
and tricks and my predictive
technique stopped,
kind of stopped working.
>>REGINA: So let's talk about
that other factor at work.
>>SIMON: Yeah, this is
the spiritual factor.
Are you spiritually
aligned to take advantage,
to profit from this?
And that was with
my sports, that
was sort of the end
of my sports wagering.
Because it was leading me
down, it's a lot of work.
You know this, Regina, from,
you've been in this world
where you're watching 10
games at the same time,
you're doing charts.
>>REGINA: I remember
that from my NBC days,
just trying to watch
all these games.
>>SIMON: It's crazy.
12 hours a day.
And so that's how
you earn your living.
And I reached a fork in
the road, I said, look,
I can earn a living doing this,
but I won't be able to teach,
I won't be able
to write books, I
won't be able to do the stuff.
>>REGINA: Do your Dharma.
>>SIMON: Do my Dharma.
And it was clear that
this wasn't the road.
It was fun, it was awesome,
I still have fond memories,
but that was it.
And so my Dharma was, and
it was painful, by the way.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>>SIMON: To have a
parlay where I predict 12
out of 13 teams right
and just the last team
loses by one point, and
you go, oh, somebody's
trying to tell me something.
And so now I've moved into doing
my Dharma, which is sharing,
researching other techniques.
So the lucky times
does not require
the same kind of sort of
spiritual alignment and faith.
>>REGINA: But what
happens if you
get into a mindset of
greed, and you say,
OK, I'm doing these
slots every day.
Every lucky time,
I'm on it, man.
>>SIMON: Slots are designed
to take your money.
So with slots, if you break
even, even even, you're doing.
>>REGINA: You're going well.
>>SIMON: You're doing well.
>>REGINA: But most people
aren't going to see it that way.
>>SIMON: Right.
>>REGINA: They're going
to want to make money.
>>SIMON: Right.
So don't play slots
to make money.
>>REGINA: OK, good, thank you.
>>SIMON: I used
slot to test this.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>SIMON: To show you that
even a system that's rigged
to take your money,
you can beat it
for a certain amount of time.
But it's like swimming upstream.
You're going to get
tired after a while.
Use these techniques.
>>REGINA: So this is
just a proof of concept.
>>SIMON: It's a
proof of concept.
Now if you love playing
slots and you do it anyway,
well, go for it.
Do your thing.
I mean, there's some people
in Vegas, ching-ching-ching.
>>REGINA: But that's
what they love doing.
>>SIMON: And you go back eight
hours later, they're there.
Ding-ding-ding-ding.
So OK, use those times
to bet a little bigger
during those times.
>>REGINA: OK.
Go to the quarter machine.
>>SIMON: Go to the.
>>REGINA: Instead of the
dime machine or nickel.
>>SIMON: Oh, no, I
played minimum $2 a ring.
I don't have time
for quarter machine.
But that's why I also
lose money sometime.
No, but overall,
I'm in the black.
Even with slots, I've
done pretty well.
I mean, I haven't
made a fortune,
but I've made a few
hundred bucks here,
a few hundred bucks there to
show that, hey, this works.
But use this to do the
things that you do.
If you're a stock investor, if
you are, I don't know, I mean,
if you are.
>>REGINA: Like we
said, if you want
to just have an important
talk with somebody.
>>SIMON: Exactly.
>>REGINA: Have the luck
energy on your side.
>>SIMON: We all did a
little sprinkle of luck.
>>REGINA: Well, that's
why I wanted to talk about
this right now, because there
are many ways in which people
are praying for any kind
of good luck right now.
And you're just loading it
a little bit in their favor.
>>SIMON: And we
do, we can access
the rhythms of the universe,
the rhythms of the cosmos
to kind of, it's like birds
when they catch a thermal,
you don't need to
flap your wings.
You're just ahh.
And these lucky times
are like little thermals.
They give you a little boost.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SIMON: Right?
And knowing where
they are, you decide
what you want to do with them.
My job is to show you when
it's going to be for you.
>>REGINA: Right.
No, that makes perfect sense.
And in fact, if we
were all perfectly
attuned with our
perfect tuning forks,
we would feel these moments.
>>SIMON: We don't need it, yeah.
>>REGINA: We wouldn't need it.
And there are people who are
that in touch with themselves.
They feel when there's
wind under their wings.
But not most people.
There's too much noise, too
much fear, just too much.
>>SIMON: I think almost
everyone has had moments
where you're like, I had a
dream this is going to happen,
or I have a feeling
this is going to happen,
and it happens.
But that tends to be
the, that's not the norm.
That's the anomaly.
What I want to do, is
give you the lucky time
so that becomes the norm.
Where you plug in.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>SIMON: And you know
what's going to happen
and you know you're going
to get a good result more
often than not.
>>REGINA: Maybe I need
to look at my unlucky,
you were just
speaking those dreams,
I have these dreams, some
dreams yesterday that
were really interesting,
followed by right
after I woke up, wrote a couple
things down on the computer,
then closed my
computer, I was done.
After I closed the computer for
the first time in my awareness,
that computer started
playing video.
But it wasn't a
video, it was an ad.
Anyway, the words that came
out of my closed computer
were, accidents happen,
but we're here to help you.
>>SIMON: Wow.
>>REGINA: Turns
out I think it was
an All State ad or something.
>>SIMON: Mars Saturn are
squared right now, yeah.
>>REGINA: Oh, man,
was I careful.
I drove in some
alleys yesterday just
to kind of get off the street.
And then I thought, oh no,
you'll surprise someone
when you come out of the alley.
I mean, it really kind
of put me on my toes.
>>SIMON: And that is, well,
it's right now in the sky,
Mars and Saturn
are square, which
is an accident combination.
>>REGINA: Oh!
>>SIMON: So, now it's
applicable to everyone.
>>REGINA: Everyone.
>>SIMON: But it
means if you're angry
or if you have, you're thinking
about stuff and you're driving,
you're more likely to mess up.
So all it means is,
just pay more attention.
You'll be fine.
>>REGINA: OK.
Well, I'm going to bring up
another little dream then.
OK, this was the dream
that just preceded it,
which was interesting.
And I won't go into
details, but it
was kind of how I was
doing in a spiritual study.
And it turned into a graph
chart and showing all this stuff
up here, you're doing
great and everything.
And then it had a little
white box here that said,
naivete, naivete.
And I thought like,
that was something,
something was going on there.
So I waited until this
morning and I meditated on it.
And I bring this
up for a reason.
Right now is the time that
people are feeling angry,
they're shutting down,
they're mistrustful.
And the message that
came through when I said,
what did that mean,
it said naivete
is in service of the soul.
It leaves you open to
what we're talking about,
these updrafts, the
messaging from the soul,
for new information to
come in without resistance.
And if you get burned here
and there because maybe you
bought something that
you weren't shrewd enough
to detect, it happens.
It happens to all of us.
But this notion of
staying open to life.
>>SIMON: Yeah.
It's also called surrender.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>SIMON: And surrender
doesn't mean giving up.
It means knowing,
it means opening
your armor a little bit, so that
you can let in, let people in.
>>REGINA: Vulnerable,
be vulnerable.
>>SIMON: A little
bit of vulnerability.
>>REGINA: Be a little bit naive.
Right now, we all want to feel
like we've got some control
over this out of control game.
>>SIMON: You want to
have a strong spine,
but an open heart.
And that's the key.
>>REGINA: That's a very
good way to put it.
OK, Simon, any final thoughts
on this for your own strategies
for this period?
Because we're in the outsider
period, first of all I'll say,
people need to go and take
a look at "Dharma Types."
We've done a couple
of shows on this.
>>SIMON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: "The 5 Dharma Types"
and how each one of those.
In one of our recent
interviews, we
talked about how each
one of these types
fits in with this
outsider phase.
>>SIMON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: But in
general, for all people,
any kind of sage advice coming
from you as a practitioner
of many lovely things?
>>SIMON: Well, the first
is, always do your Dharma.
That's the answer to everything.
Do what you're supposed to do.
The second is, I wrote a book
called "The Dharma Method"
just recently, and
in that, I give
11 things you can do every day.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>SIMON: From when you
have your cup of water,
speaking a little mantra
into it, a little prayer
in any language.
Sanskrit, Latin,
English, Hebrew, it
doesn't matter, to
put some of that,
and then you put that into you
to reorganize the molecules
in the water so they
help to organize you.
Little things like
that are free.
To getting up with the sunrise,
to creating a sacred community
of people who will check you.
Who will check yourself
before you wreck yourself.
Who keep you balanced.
So my advice is, you don't
have to, if you don't want
to talk into your
water, if you feel
it feels weird, that's fine.
Practice some of the others.
Get up at sunrise.
>>REGINA: Big one.
>>SIMON: Right, big one.
>>REGINA: Looking into
the sun at sunrise.
>>SIMON: Get your
pineal gland balanced,
because these are the
master glands here.
And when you don't,
your hormones
are off for the rest of the day.
Of course you going
to feel crappy.
And it's going to be
harder to make it,
harder to be equanimous.
But when you wake up with
the sun, that's great.
OK, you can't wake
up with the sun.
Fine, there are other
things you can do.
Eating a certain sattvic
diet, which I call.
And sacred movement.
So incorporating, do something.
>>REGINA: Do things
in a conscious manner.
>>SIMON: Do something to
bring balance to your life.
It doesn't even
matter what it is.
Just do something rather,
because people tend to go,
oh my God, it's too
much, I can't, there's
this conspiracy
and this, and Simon
says we're all going to
go bankrupt and this.
No.
Just do something each day.
Even use your
lucky times to plug
into the universe and the
universe will support you.
Because when you do your
Dharma, Dharma supports you.
That's the answer.
When you do Adharma, you
will pay the consequences
at some point.
Maybe not today, maybe not
tomorrow, but some point.
>>REGINA: Again, I want to thank
you for your calming presence,
and also for the fact that
you're willing to put yourself
on the line in a lot
of different ways
to kind of bring us these
opportunities to play with.
>>SIMON: I'm your Guinea pig.
>>REGINA: You are.
>>SIMON: Use me.
>>REGINA: We're going to be
your beta group, too, OK?
>>SIMON: Awesome.
>>REGINA: OK, thanks so
much until next time.
>>SIMON: Thank you,
thank you, thank you.
>>REGINA: Thank you, Simon.
Again, lots to take
away and play with.
You can go to Simon's
site at spirittype.com
for more on that.
Also, if you haven't seen my
previous interviews with Simon,
that'll be a lot of fun.
They're here in
the Gaia archives.
And there, we get into
our Dharma type story.
So until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."